Release 0.15.0 (#278)
audeering/audformat: CHANGELOG.rst

and this project adheres to `Semantic Versioning`_.

Version 0.15.0 (2022-08-05)
---------------------------

* Added: ``audformat.MiscTable``

>   which can store labels

Reviewer: I would even use a more generic here:

```suggestion
  which can store data
```

  not associated with media files

> * Added: usage of a misc table as labels in a scheme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added: store scheme labels in a misc table
```

* Added: dictionary ``audformat.Database.misc_tables``
  holding misc tables of a database
* Added: ``audformat.utils.difference()``
  for finding index entries
  that are only part of a single index
  for a given sequence of indices
* Added: ``audformat.utils.is_index_alike()``
  for checking if a sequence of indices
  has the same number of levels,
  level names,
  and matching dtypes
* Added: ``audformat.define.DataType.OBJECT``
* Added: ``audformat.utils.set_index_dtypes()``
  to change dtypes of an index
* Added: ``audformat.testing.add_misc_table()``
* Changed: ``audformat.Database.update()``
  can now join schemes
  with different labels
* Changed: ``audformat.utils.union()``
  and ``audformat.utils.intersect()``
  now support any kind of index

> * Changed: ``audformat.utils.concat()``

Reviewer: I would also add this to the previous bullet

Author: I changed it accordingly.

  can now concatenate objects
  that contain any kind of index
* Changed: ``audformat.Database.__iter__``
  iterates through all (misc) tables,

>   e.g. a user can do ``list(db)``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  e.g. a user can do ``list(db)``
  to get a list of all (misc) tables
```

> * Changed: require ``pandas>=1.4.1``

Reviewer: Should we mention that this also requires `Python >= 3.7`?

Author: It requires `Python >= 3.8`.
So far I decided to just mention at the end, that we removed support for Python 3.7 without any reason

* Changed: use ``pandas`` dtype ``'string'``
  instead of ``'object'``
  for storing ``audformat`` dtype ``'str'`` entries
* Changed: use a misc table
  to store the ``'speaker'`` scheme labels
  in the emodb example
  in the documentation
* Fixed: ensure column IDs are different from index level names

> * Fixed: make sure incoming data

Reviewer: I think we should mention that this applies to `Column.set()` so maybe:

```
Column.set()
converts data to dtype of scheme
before checking if values 
are in range
```

Author: I mention `Column.set()` now here

  is converted to matching dtype of scheme
  before checking if the value lies in the max-min-range
  of the scheme

> * Fixed: links to ``pandas`` objects in the documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed: links to ``pandas`` API in the documentation
```

* Fixed: include methods
  ``to_dict()``,
  ``from_dict()``,
  ``dump()``,
  and attributes
  ``description``,
  ``meta``
  in the documentation for the classes
  ``audformat.Column``,
  ``audformat.Database``,
  ``audformat.Media``,
  ``audformat.Rater``,
  ``audformat.Scheme``,
  ``audformat.Split``,
  ``audformat.Table``
* Fixed: type hint of argument ``dtype``
  in the documentation of ``audformat.Scheme``

> * Removed: support for Python 3.7

Reviewer: Ah ok, you mention it down here :)

and this project adheres to `Semantic Versioning`_.

Version 0.15.0 (2022-08-05)
---------------------------

* Added: ``audformat.MiscTable``
  which can store data
  not associated with media files
* Added: store scheme labels in a misc table
* Added: dictionary ``audformat.Database.misc_tables``
  holding misc tables of a database
* Added: ``audformat.utils.difference()``
  for finding index entries
  that are only part of a single index
  for a given sequence of indices
* Added: ``audformat.utils.is_index_alike()``
  for checking if a sequence of indices
  has the same number of levels,
  level names,
  and matching dtypes
* Added: ``audformat.define.DataType.OBJECT``
* Added: ``audformat.utils.set_index_dtypes()``
  to change dtypes of an index
* Added: ``audformat.testing.add_misc_table()``
* Changed: ``audformat.Database.update()``
  can now join schemes
  with different labels
* Changed: ``audformat.utils.union()``,
  ``audformat.utils.intersect()``,
  and ``audformat.utils.concat()``

>   now support any kind of index

Reviewer: I think we also need to mention that we convert any integer type to `Int64`

Author: This is not really a change.
Before integer dtype was not supported.

Reviewer: Ah yes, that's true. But what we dropped is the special treatment when providing a mix of `filewise` and `segmented` index objects.

Author: Good point, I tried to summarize this in an additional point now with:

```rst
* Changed: ``audformat.utils.intersect()``
  no longer removes segments
  from a segmented index
  that are contained
  in a filewise index
```

> * Changed: ``audformat.Database.__iter__``

Reviewer: I think we added this feature, so it should be:

```suggestion
* Added: ``audformat.Database.__iter__``
```

Author: Yes, that's correct.
I added it in a commit to also move it upwards.
